# Pre-arrival Registration for Taiwan Residents | Immigration Department

Source: https://www.immd.gov.hk/eng/services/visas/pre-arrival_registration_for_taiwan_residents.html

Fetched (UTC): 2026-01-20T04:16:36Z

HTTP status: 200

ImmD page revision date: 29-11-2022

---

Pre-arrival Registration for Taiwan Residents | Immigration Department 

 Skip to main content Our Services
 Print Home Our Services Visas / Entry Permits Pre-arrival Registration for Taiwan Residents Pre-arrival Registration for Taiwan Residents
 Expand All Collapse All Apply Now 

 Introduction 

 This webpage sets out the information for Taiwan residents who wish to apply for pre-arrival registration to visit the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR).

 Eligibility Criteria 

 Chinese resident of Taiwan satisfying the following criteria can make use of this online service to apply for pre-arrival registration to visit the HKSAR:

 (a) | 
 (i) | 
 were born in Taiwan; or | 

 (ii) | 
 were born outside Taiwan but have been admitted to Hong Kong as a Taiwan resident before; and | 

 (b) | 
 are not in possession of any travel document issued by other authorities outside Taiwan (except &ldquo;Mainland Travel Permit for Taiwan Residents&rdquo; (commonly known as &ldquo;Tai Bao Zheng&rdquo;), and Entry Permit issued by the Immigration Department of the HKSAR). | 

 Note: This pre-arrival registration is not applicable to Hong Kong permanent resident who has the right of abode in the HKSAR, or Hong Kong resident who has the right to land in the HKSAR.

 Registration Procedures 

 Eligible registrants may click the here to register.

 Pre-arrival registration is free of charge. During the registration, the registrant needs to provide the following data (the data must tally with those on his/her Taiwan re-entry travel document):

 Name in Chinese and English

 Alias in Chinese and English (if any)

 Sex

 Date of birth

 Place of birth

 Taiwan identity card number

 Taiwan re-entry travel document number and validity

 The registrant is also required to select and answer one of the pre-defined identification questions as an identification key for subsequent use of the function &ldquo;View / Print Registration Notification Slip&rdquo; of this online service to view or reprint the notification slip.

 The registrant must hold a travel document valid for re-entry to Taiwan for at least six months when making a pre-arrival registration as well as upon arrival immigration clearance in the HKSAR.

 Warning 

 Provision of incorrect information or information inconsistent with the travel document for re-entry to Taiwan may render a registration invalid and/or lead to refusal of the registrant&rsquo;s entry to the HKSAR.

 It is an offence for a registrant to make, or any person to aid or abet a registrant to make, any statement or representation which he knows to be false or does not believe to be true in order to obtain permission to enter the HKSAR.

 Registration Result 

 After the required information has been inputted, the computer system will process the registration automatically. The registration result will be made known to the registrant instantly.

 If the registration is successful, registrant should print the &ldquo;Notification Slip for Pre-arrival Registration for Taiwan Residents&rdquo; (the notification slip) generated by the computer system on an A4 size blank white paper . Registrant must check the inputted data on the notification slip to confirm they are true and correct and tally with those of his/her travel document for re-entry to Taiwan before signing on the notification slip. For a registrant who is under 16 years of age, either his/her parent or legal guardian must check the inputted data and sign on the notification slip.

 In case the online pre-arrival registration cannot be completed, registrant may apply for an entry permit to the Immigration Department under the existing entry arrangement, if necessary. Please click here for further information.

 Validity of Registration 

 A pre-arrival registration is valid for two months and good for two entries to the HKSAR with a stay up to 30 days as a visitor on each landing, provided the applicant meet the normal immigration requirements as mentioned below.

 Applicant will be allowed to make a new registration only when the registration has expired or has been used for two journeys.

 Registration Enquiry 

 Applicant may check the validity of the registration and the number of remaining journey(s) through the &ldquo;Validity Enquiry&rdquo; function of the online service here .

 In case the notification slip is lost, defaced, damaged or not in compliance with the printing requirement etc, applicant are required to reprint the notification slip through the &ldquo;View / Print Registration Notification Slip&rdquo; function of this online service on his/her own. To use this function, the applicant is required to input the exact answer to the identification question selected during the registration as an identification key or otherwise he/she will not be able to view or reprint the notification slip.

 Immigration Clearance and Condition of Stay 

 Applicant must present the notification slip and his/her travel document for re-entry to Taiwan for immigration clearance in the HKSAR. If the notification slip is lost, defaced, damaged or not in compliance with the printing requirement etc, he/she is required to reprint the notification slip for immigration clearance on his/her own.

 The issue of the notification slip does not guarantee applicant&rsquo;s entry to the HKSAR. He/she is still subject to immigration control under the provisions of the Immigration Ordinance, Chapter 115, Laws of Hong Kong. Upon arrival examination, he/she needs to fulfill the normal immigration requirements, such as having a valid travel document for re-entry to Taiwan, proof of onward/return trip arrangement and sufficient fund as well as having a bona fide purpose of visit, before entry to the HKSAR is granted.

 If the applicant is granted permission to land, he/she will be issued with a landing slip containing the name, Taiwan identity card number and the conditions of stay in the HKSAR. The number of journey(s) completed will be marked on the notification slip.

 When the first journey is completed, the applicant should retain the notification slip for the second journey. If the notification slip is lost, defaced or damaged after the first journey is completed, the applicant is required to reprint the notification slip through the &ldquo;View / Print Registration Notification Slip&rdquo; function on his/her own. The computer system will generate a notification slip marked with the first journey completed for the use of second journey.

 During the applicant&rsquo;s stay in the HKSAR, he/she must carry the notification slip, the landing slip and his/her travel document for re-entry to Taiwan as proof of his/her permitted stay in the HKSAR. The applicant is not allowed to take any employment, whether paid or unpaid; establish or join in any business; or become a student at a school, university or other educational institution in the HKSAR.

 Upon departure, the applicant must present the notification slip, the landing slip and his/her travel document for re-entry to Taiwan for immigration clearance.

 Related topics 

 Pre-arrival Registration for Taiwan Residents 

 Frequently Asked Questions about Pre-arrival Registration for Taiwan Residents 

 Guidance Notes 

 Arrangements for Entry to Hong Kong for Overseas Chinese and Chinese residents of Taiwan 

 Permissible activities for visitors 

 29-11-2022
