# Pre-arrival Registration for Indian Nationals | Immigration Department

Source: https://www.immd.gov.hk/eng/services/visas/pre-arrival_registration_for_indian_nationals.html

Fetched (UTC): 2026-01-20T04:16:36Z

HTTP status: 200

ImmD page revision date: 27-11-2025

---

Pre-arrival Registration for Indian Nationals | Immigration Department 

 Skip to main content 

 Our Services

 Print Home Our Services Visas / Entry Permits Pre-arrival Registration for Indian Nationals Pre-arrival Registration for Indian Nationals

 Expand All Collapse All Apply Now 

 Introduction 

 This webpage provides information to nationals of the Republic of India (Indian nationals) who wish to apply for pre-arrival registration through the online &ldquo;Pre-arrival Registration for Indian Nationals&rdquo; (the online service) to visit the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR).

 Eligibility Criteria 

 Indian nationals must apply for and successfully complete pre-arrival registration online before they can visit or transit the HKSAR visa-free. Pre-arrival registration is not required for Indian nationals in direct transit by air and not leaving the airport transit area. An Indian national can make use of the online service to apply for pre-arrival registration free of charge if he/she:

 holds an Indian passport valid for at least six months; and

 intends to visit or transit (except in direct transit by air and not leaving the airport transit area) the HKSAR for a stay not exceeding 14 days.

Pre-arrival registration is not applicable to Indian nationals who have the right of abode or the right to land in the HKSAR, are on unconditional stay in the HKSAR or have a valid permission to remain in the HKSAR for employment, study or residence.

 Subject to normal immigration requirements being met, the following categories of Indian nationals may visit the HKSAR without pre-arrival registration:

 holders of a valid Indian diplomatic or official passport;

 holders of United Nations Laissez Passer coming to the HKSAR or transiting the HKSAR to/from a third place for official United Nations business;

 those who have successfully enrolled for e-Channel service for frequent visitors

( NOTE : Please click here for online enquiry of the validity of the enrolment for e-Channel service for frequent visitors and printing of the &ldquo;Record of enrolment for e-Channel service for frequent visitors&rdquo;.)

 Before boarding a conveyance (a ship, aircraft, vehicle or any other means whatsoever of travel or transport) bound for the HKSAR, an enrolee may present the &ldquo;Record of enrolment for e-Channel service for frequent visitors&rdquo; together with the specific and valid Indian passport which he/she has used for the enrolment to transport operators as proof of valid enrolment for e-Channel service for frequent visitors. Upon the expiry of the validity of the enrolment for e-Channel service for frequent visitors, or if the passport that is linked to the enrolment expires or becomes invalid for any reason, an enrolee&rsquo;s eligibility for e-Channel service for frequent visitors will lapse immediately. In such circumstances, he/she must apply for and successfully complete pre-arrival registration before visiting the HKSAR again.);

 holders of a valid HKSAR Travel Pass; and

 those who have obtained a valid entry visa for the HKSAR.

 Indian nationals who are a member of operating aircrew or operating seacrew on board vessels, or a contract seaman may also come to the HKSAR without pre-arrival registration, subject to normal immigration requirements being met.

 An Indian national must apply for an appropriate visa to the Immigration Department if he/she:

 intends to visit the HKSAR for a stay exceeding 14 days; or

 intends to come to the HKSAR for a purpose other than visit (e.g. employment, study, or take up residence in the HKSAR).

 General Procedures 

 The registrant should visit the designated GovHK website for pre-arrival registration. The registrant must truthfully enter the correct information. The information the registrant provides in the pre-arrival registration needs to be exactly the same as it appears in his/her Indian passport. After inputting the required information, the computer system will process the registration automatically. The registration result will be made known to the registrant instantly.

 The successful registrant must print the &ldquo;Notification Slip for Pre-arrival Registration for Indian Nationals&rdquo; (the notification slip) generated by the computer system on a sheet of blank A4 white paper.

 The notification slip must be signed. The registrant must check the inputted data on the notification slip to confirm it is correct and exactly the same as it appears on the specific Indian passport that he/she has used to apply for pre-arrival registration successfully before signing the slip. The notification slip must be used in conjunction with the specific Indian passport that is linked to the pre-arrival registration. In case the registrant renews or replaces his/her Indian passport or changes his/her personal particulars after pre-arrival registration, the registrant must re-apply on the strength of the new passport or personal particulars. For a registrant who is under 16 years of age, either his/her parent or legal guardian must check the inputted data and sign the slip.

 In case the pre-arrival registration cannot be completed, an Indian national must apply for an entry visa to the Immigration Department if he/she intends to visit the HKSAR. Such applications must be submitted directly to the Immigration Department. Chinese diplomatic and consular missions will not accept visit visa applications from Indian nationals.

 Validity of Registration 

 A pre-arrival registration is valid for six months. Subject to meeting normal immigration requirements, a registrant may, during the validity of the pre-arrival registration, use a valid notification slip together with the specific and valid Indian passport linked to the successful pre-arrival registration to make multiple visits to the HKSAR visa-free. On each visit, a registrant may stay in the HKSAR for up to 14 days.

 The registrant will be allowed to make a new registration only when the current registration has expired.

 Registration Enquiry 

 The registrant may check the validity of the registration through the &ldquo; Pre-arrival Registration Validity Enquiry &rdquo; function of the online service. Alternatively, the registrant may make use of the Hong Kong Immigration Department Mobile App to conduct the validity check.

 In case the notification slip is lost, defaced, damaged or not printed on a sheet of blank A4 white paper, the registrant is required to reprint the notification slip through the &rdquo; View/Print Registration Notification Slip &rdquo; function of the online service on his/her own. To use this function, the registrant is required to input the exact answer to the Identification Question selected during the registration process, failing which he/she will not be able to view or reprint the notification slip. The answer to the Identification Question CANNOT be reset. The registrant may save a copy of the notification slip in a secure location for future reference. 

 Boarding a Conveyance Bound for the HKSAR and Arrival Immigration Clearance 

 Before boarding a conveyance (a ship, aircraft, vehicle or any other means whatsoever of travel or transport) bound for the HKSAR, transport operators will check whether the registrant has a valid travel document. In this connection, before boarding and upon arrival immigration clearance in the HKSAR, the registrant must hold the notification slip, and the same and valid Indian passport that he/she has used to successfully apply for pre-arrival registration. Failure to present the said two documents will lead to refusal of his/her boarding a conveyance bound for the HKSAR and refusal of entry to the HKSAR upon arrival. 

 The issue of the notification slip is not a guarantee of the registrant&rsquo;s entry to the HKSAR. The registrant is still subject to immigration control under the provisions of the Immigration Ordinance, Chapter 115, Laws of Hong Kong. In general, a person who intends to enter the HKSAR for visit must fulfil normal immigration requirements (such as holding a valid travel document with adequate returnability to his/her country of residence or citizenship; raise no security or criminal concerns to the HKSAR; have no likelihood of becoming a burden on the HKSAR, etc.), have a bona fide purpose of visit, have adequate funds to cover the duration of his/her stay without working and hold onward or return tickets (unless in transit to Chinese Mainland or the Macao Special Administrative Region), before entry to the HKSAR may be granted.

 If the registrant is granted permission to land in the HKSAR, he/she will be issued with a landing slip containing his/her name, Indian passport number and the conditions and limit of stay in the HKSAR.

 A person admitted as a visitor in the HKSAR is not allowed to take any employment, whether paid or unpaid; establish or join in any business; or become a student at a school, university or other educational institution in the HKSAR.

 Warning 

 When applying for pre-arrival registration, the registrant must truthfully enter the correct information. The information the registrant provides in the pre-arrival registration needs to be exactly the same as it appears in his/her passport and he/she must use the same passport that is linked to it when visiting the HKSAR. Failure to do so will render his/her pre-arrival registration invalid. An invalid pre-arrival registration will lead to refusal of the registrant&rsquo;s boarding of a conveyance (a ship, aircraft, vehicle or any other means whatsoever of travel or transport) bound for the HKSAR and refusal of entry to the HKSAR upon arrival.

 Any person who knowingly and wilfully makes a statement or gives information which he/she knows to be false or does not believe to be true may be liable for prosecution under the Laws of Hong Kong.

 Introduction on Application (Video) 

 Online Demo : Pre-arrival Registration for Indian Nationals 

 Related topics 

 Pre-arrival Registration for Indian Nationals 

 Frequently Asked Questions about Pre-arrival Registration for Indian Nationals 

 Guidance Notes 

 Visit Visa / Entry Permit Requirements for the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 

 Entry for Visit/Transit in Hong Kong 

 Permissible activities for visitors 

 27-11-2025
